PetStoreClientReact

This react client demonstrates using the AWS Stack from a React application.

The app uses the AWS-Amplify UI components for calling Cognito for user Authentication.
The app uses the LazyStack generated PetStoreAxios.ts client SDK to make secure calls 
against the AWS Stack's API Gateway.

LazyStzck Generate uses NSwag to generate TS client code into the TypeScriptClientLibs solution folder.
The PetStoreClientReact project prebuild task copies the generated PetStoreAxios.ts_tpl to this 
project's PetStoreAxios.ts. 

Note: We are focusing on the Axios based client because AWS Amplify also uses that library and doing 
so cuts down on library bloat in the client.

LazyStack.yaml Directives - (proposed)
ProjectOptions:
  TypeScriptClients:
    Axios:
      UseTransformOptionsMethod: true
      UseTransformResultMethod: false
      ClientBase: LzBaseClientAxios.ts_tpl

The LzBaseClientAxios.ts_tpl file contains the transformOptions method responsible for signing the request 
and setting the correct url for the method being called. Programmers may copy the LzBaseClientAxios.ts_tpl
and then modify it if their are other option transformations they wish to accomplish. The name of this 
modified ts_tpl file should be provided in the ClientBase property.

NSwag supports many other TS library output options. Additional LazyStack directives will be provided to 
exercise these options as requested by our user community or as time permits. 

The TS clients currently supported by LazyStack/NSwag include:
- Angular
- AngularJS
- Aurelia
- Axios 
- Fetch
- JQueryCallbacks
- JQueryPromises

LazyStack only provides a base class for the Axios lib, e.g. the LzBaseClientAxios.ts_tpl. Programmers may
find this implementation a useful example for creating their own base classes for one of the other libraries.

LazyStack post-processes the NSwag generated TS library to add and pass the lzpath argument to the 
transformOptions method. This argument contains the mapping information necessary for resolving the correct 
endpoint path and security level of the target API Gateway. This implementation is similar to the mapping 
provided in the C# LzHttpClient class. 

Configuration:
 - The AwsSettings.json file generated by LazyStack contains all the information necessary to generate the 
    aws-exports.js file used by AWS-Amplify. 

 - The MethodMap.json - maps methods to APIGateway paths

 This project reads both Json files to configure the environment. If you have an existing application that 
 uses aws-exports.js, you can easily read information from the AwsSettings.json and generate or augment 
 an aws-exports.js. See the LazyStackAwsSettings project in the LazyStack git repo for an example of doing
 that.

 Run Options
   EndpointConfig = "stack" | "https://..."
     - stack: use ApiGateways defined in AwsSettings configuration
     - https: use a WebAPI
        - Separate WebAPI
        - Use this project as WebAPI




